So we got some technical problems.
NOTE CONF
Just hang on and we'll we'll get there.
Afternoon tea and the search filters of the Hotels.com app
NOTE CONF
made it really easy to specifically find our perfect somewhere.
Find and book your perfect hotel stay today on Hotels.com.
NOTE CONF
Ha ha ha!
Ha!
NOTE CONF
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
NOTE CONF
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
ha ha ha ha ha!
NOTE CONF
Ha!
It's a little bit long.
NOTE CONF
We've got.
Are academics no academic children?
NOTE CONF
Oh.
Check it.
NOTE CONF
Oh, I know they're doing it, but I don't know
whether parents are important.
NOTE CONF
Are you okay?
Yeah.
NOTE CONF
This is longer than mine.
It's just coming to an end now.
NOTE CONF
Yeah, yeah.
And so we're playing the.
NOTE CONF
Just my drumroll comes.
Just for.
NOTE CONF
Yeah, just for first place.
Yeah.
NOTE CONF
Okay.
Sorry.
NOTE CONF
So some technical issues there.
And, um, that that was, um, singing Away the Cold
NOTE CONF
and Edinburgh jazz piece by Digby Fairweather, um, which I
thought would be appropriate.
NOTE CONF
It's not that cold today, but, um.
Yeah.
NOTE CONF
Um, so, yeah, we've had some technical troubles, so, um,
let's see.
NOTE CONF
I guess we'll use this laptop.
And this is Alice Graham, who is your Ta for
NOTE CONF
this course?
Um, she's been doing all the work for the the
NOTE CONF
tutorial exercises and things like that.
So, um, and also managing the, um, the competition.
NOTE CONF
So take it away, Alice.
So we've got, um, we've got some videos here.
NOTE CONF
So I'll do a little intro first.
So yeah.
NOTE CONF
Thanks everyone for coming.
I know it's week 11, everyone's tired and they have
NOTE CONF
loads of coursework.
I really appreciate you being here.
NOTE CONF
Um, so as Don said, I'm the teaching assistant for
this course, which means a lot of things.
NOTE CONF
But most excitingly, I've been marking the RP competition.
So if you don't know what that is, every year
NOTE CONF
we have the same competition.
It's sponsored by Galois, and basically everyone has the same
NOTE CONF
challenge.
You have to create some sort of visualisation or graphics
NOTE CONF
using Haskell.
And this year we had 26 entries, which is the
NOTE CONF
most ever by a really, really long way.
So you guys have done really well and the quality
NOTE CONF
of the entries was really amazing as well and had
such a good time looking through all the projects.
NOTE CONF
So the way this is going to work is I've
got a video to show all the runners up, and
NOTE CONF
then after that we're going to do an award for
the best Piazza contributor and then third, second and first
NOTE CONF
place.
So yeah, I just play the video to show the
NOTE CONF
projects.
Yeah.
NOTE CONF
Oh.
All right.
NOTE CONF
So let's let's give applause.
Those are the runners up.
NOTE CONF
Under the piazza.
Yeah.
NOTE CONF
So before we go to the the prize winners, I
have another award here.
NOTE CONF
And this is for the, um, the best Piazza contributor.
Um, and if if you've been active at all on
NOTE CONF
Piazza, you probably know who's going to win this.
Because this person always gets there before Julian and me
NOTE CONF
and answers the question most of the time.
Uh, better than we can.
NOTE CONF
So, yeah.
So the winner of this of this prize and this
NOTE CONF
comes with a little, um, Amazon gift voucher, um, which
is, by the way, sponsored by the authors of the
NOTE CONF
textbook.
Uh, there's some, some of the royal portion of the
NOTE CONF
royalties goes to a to a prize fund for this
and for and for other things.
NOTE CONF
Um, yeah.
Shlok Gupta is are you here?
NOTE CONF
Yes, yes.
So come on up.
NOTE CONF
Get your prize.
Yep.
NOTE CONF
So thank you.
So you get a certificate as well.
NOTE CONF
Okay.
So thank you very much.
NOTE CONF
Uh, yeah.
So, uh, yeah.
NOTE CONF
Very helpful.
Um, very helpful contributions.
NOTE CONF
Okay.
So, yeah, on.
NOTE CONF
To the prize winners.
Um, we have actually two people in third place, but
NOTE CONF
before I announce them, I just wanted to say well
done again for everyone who submitted.
NOTE CONF
But as you saw, the projects were so varied and
I thought they were all really cool.
NOTE CONF
So well done and still definitely put it on your
CV like you'll have runner up.
NOTE CONF
And I just think, like even doing a project alongside
uni is really impressive.
NOTE CONF
Yeah.
Um.
NOTE CONF
I'm going to turn off the lights because these things
are better seen in darkness, I think.
NOTE CONF
Okay.
Or at least semi semi.
NOTE CONF
So the first person in third place is I'm sorry
if I mispronounce anyone's names for an Iskander of the
NOTE CONF
hydrogen wavefunction.
Are you here?
NOTE CONF
Yeah.
Should we do we want to do.
NOTE CONF
Um.
So I just thought this was a really great visualisation
NOTE CONF
of a topic, which I know I found conceptually very
difficult at school.
NOTE CONF
It's basically the probability of finding an electron anywhere within
a hydrogen atom as the energy levels go up.
NOTE CONF
So I can show you.
Is this is there something gone wrong with the.
NOTE CONF
I think your computer just turned off.
Oh.
NOTE CONF
We're back.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
It's there.
Yeah.
NOTE CONF
Nice.
Yeah, so well done.
NOTE CONF
And.
Just one of the other B.
NOTE CONF
And C on.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
Yeah.
So congratulations.
NOTE CONF
Yeah.
So there's your certificate okay.
NOTE CONF
Thank you.
Yeah.
NOTE CONF
By the way, all the winners will get an email
from me with, um, uh, Amazon gift voucher.
NOTE CONF
Okay.
Not not a lot of, uh, don't get too excited,
NOTE CONF
but it's the it's the fame that counts, I think.
Nice and in joint third place was Zhang Yan for
NOTE CONF
a fluid simulation project.
Um.
NOTE CONF
Um, so basically, Zhang did like a smooth particle hydrodynamics,
which I'm not even sure I understand what that means.
NOTE CONF
To simulate fluid motion in 2D.
And the reason I love this one so much is
NOTE CONF
because it's so interactive.
You can turn gravity on, turn gravity off, and it's
NOTE CONF
just a really good way, I think, to teach people
about particles.
NOTE CONF
So I thought it was really cool.
I'll show you what it looked like.
NOTE CONF
Oh.
Your computer is.
NOTE CONF
Crashed.
No.
NOTE CONF
My computer has crashed.
Uh, okay.
NOTE CONF
That doesn't happen very much.
What do I do?
NOTE CONF
Command Q.
Try quit.
NOTE CONF
Uh huh.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
Let's see.
I don't know what to do.
NOTE CONF
Um, so I suggest you use yours without music.
Yeah.
NOTE CONF
Okay.
So, uh, my computer is crashed.
NOTE CONF
I don't know if that was to do to the
last due to the last simulation or what.
NOTE CONF
Some somehow that's come back up.
I don't understand this.
NOTE CONF
Anyway.
We can use mine.
NOTE CONF
Yeah.
So this will be without music, unfortunately.
NOTE CONF
But, um.
Because we couldn't get the music to work on Alice's
NOTE CONF
laptop top.
Shut this up so people don't see one.
NOTE CONF
Okay.
It's not.
NOTE CONF
Gonna work.
It's not working.
NOTE CONF
Um.
I'll just turn the sound off.
NOTE CONF
Can you play it for my computer?
Right.
NOTE CONF
Thanks.
So is Zhang here?
NOTE CONF
All right.
Yes.
NOTE CONF
Whoops.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
Congratulations.
Thank you.
NOTE CONF
Yeah.
So.
NOTE CONF
Yeah.
Thank you.
NOTE CONF
Yeah.
There you go.
NOTE CONF
Okay.
Okay, onto second place now.
NOTE CONF
Um, this one was really cool because I liked that
it took artistic influence instead of mathematical influence, like most
NOTE CONF
of the other projects.
So the winner of second place is Jiang Zhang.
NOTE CONF
Yes.
Um, yeah.
NOTE CONF
So this project was really cool.
It took inspiration from the Pink Floyd album cover, you
NOTE CONF
know, with the prism and the light shining through, and
it's basically an interactive simulation of that, which I thought
NOTE CONF
was really cool and a cool place to decide to
do a house school project on us.
NOTE CONF
And we love the interactivity again.
I'll show you the video.
NOTE CONF
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, come on up.
NOTE CONF
Yeah.
Congratulations.
NOTE CONF
Yeah.
Great.
NOTE CONF
Great work.
Um.
NOTE CONF
So now we need to get ready for this next
one?
NOTE CONF
Yeah.
Are you.
NOTE CONF
Are you ready?
Yeah.
NOTE CONF
Yeah, because I've got to switch.
I've got to do some switching here.
NOTE CONF
So, um.
Uh, okay, so the winner of the first prize is.
NOTE CONF
There's no sound.
Oh.
NOTE CONF
It's on my running bag.
Um, okay.
NOTE CONF
Yeah.
This one, we were just, again, really impressed by the
NOTE CONF
interactivity and again, that it was quite artistic.
Um, basically, what you can do is you can draw
NOTE CONF
any image you want, and it will kind of simulate
that image using the Fourier series and show all the
NOTE CONF
vectors that add up to make your image.
And it's a really cool animation.
NOTE CONF
Um, and yeah, you can choose your own path or
there are some like built in ones too.
NOTE CONF
I thought it was really cool.
Nice.
NOTE CONF
Congratulations.
And just a second.
NOTE CONF
I've got a special some special music for this year.
Oh, and there's advertising beforehand.
NOTE CONF
Japanese chef's.
Knife.
NOTE CONF
Thousand.
Dollar trap.
NOTE CONF
Why is this not louder?
So congratulations.
NOTE CONF
Great.
Great work.
NOTE CONF
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Yeah.
NOTE CONF
So I'm really impressed by the work of everybody who
submitted, um, who submitted something.
NOTE CONF
Uh, so those of you who didn't submit be inspired
by what your classmates have managed to do.
NOTE CONF
Okay.
And, uh, I think that's the end.
NOTE CONF
Right.
So, um, that's it for, uh, functional programming this year.
NOTE CONF
Uh, hope you enjoyed it.
And, um, maybe some of you want to come back
NOTE CONF
next year and be teachers or demonstrators.
Okay, look out for the advert.
NOTE CONF
Uh, towards the end of the year for, uh, for
people to help out.
NOTE CONF
Okay.
Thanks, everybody.
NOTE CONF
Yeah, yeah.
And thanks.
NOTE CONF
Yeah.
No technical problems?
NOTE CONF
Yeah.
It's a shame.
NOTE CONF
Last year.
I had.
NOTE CONF
What happened?
I think it was, uh, the machine decided to reboot
NOTE CONF
itself.
For a.
NOTE CONF
Night just before my lecture started, and it took.
15 minutes, you know?
NOTE CONF
That's really hard as well, because you only had your
15 minutes long.
NOTE CONF
It's not like you can.
Yeah.
NOTE CONF
You can.
Exactly.
NOTE CONF
And it started doing this.
And I have no idea how long.
NOTE CONF
It's going to take.
It just it just.
NOTE CONF
Okay.
B c.
NOTE CONF
Disclaimer.
What's the sound will go through that as well?
NOTE CONF
Do do do do do do do.
So what am I going to do?
NOTE CONF
Is so.